config EXFAT_FS
	tristate "exFAT file system support"
	select NLS
	help
	  exFAT is the interoperable file system of choice by Microsoft.

	  Saying Y or M here enables full support for the exFAT file system.

	  For more information see <http://www.tuxera.com/>.

	  To compile this file system support as a module, choose M here: the
	  module will be called exfat.

	  If you do not need to interoperate with exFAT formatted devices it is
	  safe to say N.

config EXFAT_DEBUG
	bool "exFAT debugging support"
	depends on EXFAT_FS
	help
	  If you are experiencing any problems with the exFAT file system, say
	  Y here.  This will result in additional consistency checks to be
	  performed by the driver as well as additional debugging messages to
	  be written to the system log.  Note that debugging messages are
	  disabled by default.  To enable them, supply the option
	  exfat_debug_msgs=1 at the kernel command line when booting the kernel
	  or as an option to insmod when loading the exFAT module.  Once the
	  driver is active, you can enable debugging messages by doing (as
	  root):
	  	echo 1 > /proc/sys/fs/exfat-debug
	  Replacing the "1" with "0" would disable debug messages.

	  If you leave debugging messages disabled, this results in little
	  overhead, but enabling debug messages results in very significant
	  slowdown of the system.

	  When reporting bugs, please try to have available a full dump of
	  debugging messages while the misbehaviour was occurring.

config EXFAT_NLS_DEFAULT
	string "Default NLS Option"
	depends on EXFAT_FS
	default "utf8"
	help
	  Set this to the default NLS option to use for exFAT.

	  You can always override the NLS option at mount time using the nls
	  mount option.

	  It is perfectly safe to say N here.

config EXFAT_NAME
	bool "exFAT name"
	depends on EXFAT_FS
	help
	  Set this to the name of the generated file system you want.  This
	  will also become the kernel module name.  Normally this is just
	  "exfat" so the file system is mounted with "mount -t exfat" and the
	  module is called "exfat.ko".

	  The reason you can change it here is if you have a kernel with an
	  other exFAT driver built into the kernel then by changing the name
	  here you can use the more uptodate driver you build.  Otherwise it
	  would not be possible to load the kernel module as the names would
	  clash.

